faq.md, before:

# Frequently Asked Questions

## What is Mixed Reality/ Augmented Reality/ Virtual Reality

## What do I need to learn to start developing for Mixed Reality

## What are some use cases and What are some use cases and case studies for Mixed Reality applications?

* [6 Use Cases for Enterprise Mixed Reality](https://www.kaleidoinsights.com/6-use-cases-for-enterprise-mixed-reality/)
* [5 Use Cases Of Augmented Reality That Boosted Businesses’ Sales](https://medium.com/swlh/5-use-cases-of-augmented-reality-that-boosted-businesses-sales-2114ac35bf5a)

### Case Studies

* [Mozilla Mixed Reality Case Studies](https://blog.mozvr.com/tag/case-studies/)
* [Google ARCore Case Studies](https://developers.google.com/ar/discover/use-cases)
* [AfterNow's process - envisioning, prototyping, building](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-afternows-process-envisioning,-prototyping,-building?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Chacmool: Augmented reality in Chrome Canary](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2018/06/webar-chacmool)
* [Representing humans in mixed reality](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-representing-humans-in-mixed-reality?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Lessons from the Lowe's kitchen](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-lessons-from-the-lowes-kitchen?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [My first year on the HoloLens design team](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-my-first-year-on-the-hololens-design-team?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Capturing and creating content for HoloTour](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-capturing-and-creating-content-for-holotour?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [The pursuit of more personal computing](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-the-pursuit-of-more-personal-computing?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Building HoloSketch, a spatial layout and UX sketching app for HoloLens](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-building-holosketch,-a-spatial-layout-and-ux-sketching-app-for-hololens?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Expanding the design process for mixed reality](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-expanding-the-design-process-for-mixed-reality?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Expanding the spatial mapping capabilities of HoloLens](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-expanding-the-spatial-mapping-capabilities-of-hololens?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [HoloStudio UI and interaction design learnings](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-3-holostudio-ui-and-interaction-design-learnings?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Looking through holes in your reality](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-looking-through-holes-in-your-reality?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [The Making of Galaxy Explorer for HoloLens 2](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/galaxy-explorer-update?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Scaling Datascape across devices with different performance](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-scaling-datascape-across-devices-with-different-performance?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Spatial sound design for HoloTour](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-spatial-sound-design-for-holotour?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Using spatial sound in RoboRaid](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-using-spatial-sound-in-roboraid?WT.mc_id=docs-twitter-ayyonet&WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Using the stabilization plane to reduce holographic turbulence](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-using-the-stabilization-plane-to-reduce-holographic-turbulence?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Providing access to captivating experiences through immersive augmented reality](https://partner.microsoft.com/case-studies/enklu?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [7 Inspiring Case Studies on VR and AR](https://medium.com/bestfolios/7-inspiring-case-studies-on-vr-and-ar-7235c562844b)
* [Augmented Reality Case Studies & Examples - INDE](https://www.indestry.com/augmented-reality-case-studies)
* [Immersive Performance Training - STRIVR](https://www.strivr.com/case-studies/)

#### Medical

#### Educational

#### Museums and Libraries

#### Entertainment

## What are security concerns and challenges with Mixed Reality application?


## How do you consider accessibility, diversity, and inclusiveness into your design?

- [Augmented Reality and Accessibility](https://gettecla.com/blogs/news/augmented-reality-and-accessibility)

Commit message:

faq(medical): add Stanford link

faq.md, after:

# Frequently Asked Questions

## What is Mixed Reality/ Augmented Reality/ Virtual Reality

## What do I need to learn to start developing for Mixed Reality

## What are some use cases and What are some use cases and case studies for Mixed Reality applications?

* [6 Use Cases for Enterprise Mixed Reality](https://www.kaleidoinsights.com/6-use-cases-for-enterprise-mixed-reality/)
* [5 Use Cases Of Augmented Reality That Boosted Businesses’ Sales](https://medium.com/swlh/5-use-cases-of-augmented-reality-that-boosted-businesses-sales-2114ac35bf5a)

### Case Studies

* [Mozilla Mixed Reality Case Studies](https://blog.mozvr.com/tag/case-studies/)
* [Google ARCore Case Studies](https://developers.google.com/ar/discover/use-cases)
* [AfterNow's process - envisioning, prototyping, building](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-afternows-process-envisioning,-prototyping,-building?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Chacmool: Augmented reality in Chrome Canary](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2018/06/webar-chacmool)
* [Representing humans in mixed reality](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-representing-humans-in-mixed-reality?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Lessons from the Lowe's kitchen](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-lessons-from-the-lowes-kitchen?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [My first year on the HoloLens design team](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-my-first-year-on-the-hololens-design-team?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Capturing and creating content for HoloTour](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-capturing-and-creating-content-for-holotour?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [The pursuit of more personal computing](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-the-pursuit-of-more-personal-computing?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Building HoloSketch, a spatial layout and UX sketching app for HoloLens](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-building-holosketch,-a-spatial-layout-and-ux-sketching-app-for-hololens?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Expanding the design process for mixed reality](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-expanding-the-design-process-for-mixed-reality?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Expanding the spatial mapping capabilities of HoloLens](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-expanding-the-spatial-mapping-capabilities-of-hololens?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [HoloStudio UI and interaction design learnings](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-3-holostudio-ui-and-interaction-design-learnings?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Looking through holes in your reality](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-looking-through-holes-in-your-reality?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [The Making of Galaxy Explorer for HoloLens 2](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/galaxy-explorer-update?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Scaling Datascape across devices with different performance](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-scaling-datascape-across-devices-with-different-performance?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Spatial sound design for HoloTour](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-spatial-sound-design-for-holotour?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Using spatial sound in RoboRaid](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-using-spatial-sound-in-roboraid?WT.mc_id=docs-twitter-ayyonet&WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Using the stabilization plane to reduce holographic turbulence](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/case-study-using-the-stabilization-plane-to-reduce-holographic-turbulence?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [Providing access to captivating experiences through immersive augmented reality](https://partner.microsoft.com/case-studies/enklu?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
* [7 Inspiring Case Studies on VR and AR](https://medium.com/bestfolios/7-inspiring-case-studies-on-vr-and-ar-7235c562844b)
* [Augmented Reality Case Studies & Examples - INDE](https://www.indestry.com/augmented-reality-case-studies)
* [Immersive Performance Training - STRIVR](https://www.strivr.com/case-studies/)

#### Medical

- [Incubator for Medical Mixed and Extended Reality at Stanford](http://med.stanford.edu/immers/relatedlabs.html)
- [Take a Ride on a Root Canal: The VR Tooth Tour Story](https://sketchfab.com/blogs/community/take-a-ride-on-a-root-canal-the-vr-tooth-tour-story/?utm_source=social&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=blog-post&utm_content=Take%20a%20Ride%20on%20a%20Root%20Canal:%20The%20VR%20Tooth%20Tour%20Story)


#### Educational

#### Museums and Libraries

#### Entertainment

## What are security concerns and challenges with Mixed Reality application?


## How do you consider accessibility, diversity, and inclusiveness into your design?

- [Augmented Reality and Accessibility](https://gettecla.com/blogs/news/augmented-reality-and-accessibility)
