README.md, before:

# MixedRealityResources

Collection of Mixed Reality related resources, inspirations. Please file an issue if you are looking for a resources that is not listed or if you have suggestions or additions. Hope it is helps you to learn and create.

- [Design](#design)
  - [Guidelines](#guidelines)
  - [Blogs](#blogs)
  - [Talks](#talks)
  - [Tools](#tools)
- [Develop](#develop)
  - [Developer Tools](#developer-tools)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Repositories](#repositories)
  - [WebXR](#webxr)
    - [WebXR Libraries](#webxr-libraries)
    - [WebXR Repositories](#webxr-repositories)
    - [WebXR Documentation](#webxr-documentation)
  - [Tutorials](#tutorials)
  - [Talks](#talks)
  - [Media/Newsletter](#media/newsletter)
- [Create](#create)
  - [Asset Creation Tools](#asset-creation-tools)
  - [Asset Creation Libraries](#asset-creation-libraries)
  - [Inspirations](#inspirations)
- [Attend](#attend)
  - [Conferences](#confereces)
  - [Meetups](#meetups)
    - [San Francisco](#san-francisco)
- [Read](#read)
  - [Blogs](#blogs-1)
  - [Books](#books)
- [Join](#join)
- [FAQ](#faq)

## Design

### Guidelines

- [Microsoft Mixed Reality Design](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/design?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
  ![Design for mixed reality](images/bicycle-leschi10.gif)
- [Mixed Reality Interaction Fundamentals](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/interaction-fundamentals?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)

- [Google AR Design Guidelines](https://designguidelines.withgoogle.com/ar-design/augmented-reality-design-guidelines/introduction.html)
- [Unity VR Best Practices](https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/vr-best-practice#)

### Blogs

- [Mozilla Blog - Progressive WebXR Store](https://blog.mozvr.com/progressive-webxr-ar-store/) 
| <img src="https://blog.mozvr.com/content/images/2018/03/mozilla-store-xr-2.gif"> |
- [Human factor in virtual reality data visualization](https://medium.com/inborn-experience/vr-dataviz-41ef0dc879c)
- [Getting Hands-On with Responsive AR](https://www.torch.app/blog/getting-hands-on-with-responsive-ar)

### Talks

- [Instructional Design on the Immersive Web](https://youtu.be/ZX_8fiW1_Y4?t=220)

### Tools

- [Unity3D](https://unity.com/)
- [Unreal Engine](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/what-is-unreal-engine-4)
- [Maquette](https://www.maquette.ms/?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Play Canvas](https://playcanvas.com/)
- [Amazon Sumerian](https://aws.amazon.com/sumerian/)
- [Remix 3D](https://www.remix3d.com/discover?section=34b78f58881242e4ab611e4ab5ffaa78?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Autodesk Maya](https://www.autodesk.com/products/maya/overview)
- [Apple Reality Composer](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/realitykit/creating_a_game_with_reality_composer)

## Develop

### Developer Tools

- [Unity3D](https://unity.com/)
- [Unreal Engine](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/what-is-unreal-engine-4)
- [Apple RealityKit](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/realitykit)
- [WebVR API Emulation - Chrome Extention](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/webvr-api-emulation/gbdnpaebafagioggnhkacnaaahpiefil?hl=en)
- [VR Viewer Chrome Extention](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/vr-viewer/fagmjpknkfadjnehfkgkkbjnjpnnpcic?hl=en)

### Documentation

- [Microsoft Mixed Reality](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/development?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Mozilla Mixed Reality](https://mixedreality.mozilla.org/)
- [Google Developers WebXR](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/vr/status/#xrdevice)
- [ARCore - Android](https://developers.google.com/ar/)
- [ARKit - IOS](https://developer.apple.com/augmented-reality/)

### Repositories

- [MixedRealityToolkit-Unity](https://github.com/microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [MapsSDK-Unity](https://github.com/microsoft/MapsSDK-Unity?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)

| <img src="https://github.com/Microsoft/MapsSDK-Unity/wiki/Content/BoulderBalloon.gif"> | <img src="https://github.com/Microsoft/MapsSDK-Unity/wiki/Content/WeatherCube.gif"> | <img src="https://github.com/Microsoft/MapsSDK-Unity/wiki/Content/MtFujiZoom.gif"> |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

- [Google-AR](https://github.com/google-ar)
- [Mixed Reality Toolkit Demos](https://github.com/microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity/tree/mrtk_release/Assets/MixedRealityToolkit.Examples/Demos?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Enklu Player](https://github.com/enklu/enklu-samples)
- [Tutorials and Samples](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/tutorials?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Unity AR Foundation Examples](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/arfoundation-samples)

### WebXR

#### WebXR Libraries

- [BabylonJS](https://github.com/BabylonJS?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [ThreeJS](https://threejs.org/)
- [A-frame](https://aframe.io/): Make WebVR with HTML and Entity-Component. Works on Vive, Rift, Daydream, GearVR, desktop.
- [AR.js](https://github.com/jeromeetienne/AR.js): AR.js uses artoolkit, and so it is marker based. artoolkit is a software with years of experience doing augmented reality. It is able to do a lot!
  [![AR.js 1.0 Video](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/252962/23441016/ab6900ce-fe17-11e6-971b-24614fb8ac0e.png)](https://youtu.be/0MtvjFg7tik)
- [Inverse kinematics for three.js](https://github.com/jsantell/THREE.IK)
- [Three.ar.js](https://github.com/google-ar/three.ar.js)

#### WebXR Repositories

- [WebXR Polyfills](https://github.com/immersive-web/webxr-polyfill)
- [ThreeJS WebVR Examples](https://threejs.org/examples/?q=vr)
- [WebXR Samples](https://immersive-web.github.io/webxr-samples/)
- [GoogleWebComponents/model-viewer](https://github.com/GoogleWebComponents/model-viewer)

#### WebXR Documentation

- [Microsoft WebVR docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/using-webvr-in-edge-with-windows-mixed-reality?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Mozilla WebXR Blog](https://blog.mozvr.com/tag/webxr/)
- [Google WebXR Updates](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/tags/webxr)
- [Google WebXR Device API docs](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/vr/status/#xrdevice)
- [BabylonJS Docs Samples](https://doc.babylonjs.com/examples/?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [ThreeJS VR Content](https://threejs.org/docs/index.html#manual/en/introduction/How-to-create-VR-content)
- [WebVR Rocks](https://webvr.rocks/)
- [W3C WebXR Device API](https://www.w3.org/TR/webxr/)
- [A-Frame Docs](https://aframe.io/docs/0.9.0/introduction/)
- [Augmented Reality with Model-Viewer Web Component](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2019/05/model-viewer-ar)
- [PSA: State of WebXR](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R8Bz0_vK9YmY5-ZhsbLtZ9-DDJpTOgNeibFD4SdUnbw/edit#heading=h.yrc5sgqnnsk3)

### Tutorials

- [Microsoft Mixed Reality Tutorials](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/tutorials?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Google Developer Codelabs](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/?cat=Augmented+Reality)
- [WebVR Starter Kit](https://hacks.mozilla.org/2019/02/webvr-starter-kit-mozilla-glitch/)
- [3D Projection Notes](https://jsantell.com/notes)

### Talks

- [Intro to Building Apps for HoloLens 2 Using Unity and Mixed Reality Toolkit](https://mybuild.techcommunity.microsoft.com/sessions/77094?source=sessions#top-anchor&WT.mc_id==mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Developing Mobile Augmented Reality (AR) Applications with Azure Spatial Anchors](https://mybuild.techcommunity.microsoft.com/sessions/77246?source=sessions&WT.mc_id==mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet#top-anchor)
- [Exploring Augmented Reality on the Web - JSConfEU 2018](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqmT0_w6_qc)

### Media/Newsletter

- [Immersive Web Weekly](https://immersivewebweekly.com/)
- [Voices of VR Podcast](https://voicesofvr.com/)
- [VRScout Podcast](https://vrscout.com/podcast/)
- [The AR Show Podcast](https://www.stitcher.com/podcast/the-ar-show/ar-show?refid=stpr)
- [Veer VR Blog](https://veer.tv/blog/)
- [Next Reality News](https://next.reality.news/)

## Create

### Asset Creation Tools

- [Magic Voxel](https://ephtracy.github.io/index.html?page=mv_main)
- [Voxel.js](http://voxeljs.com/#what)
- [Unity3D](https://unity.com/)
- [Unreal Engine](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/what-is-unreal-engine-4)
- [Maquette](https://www.maquette.ms/?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Play Canvas](https://playcanvas.com/)
- [Amazon Sumerian](https://aws.amazon.com/sumerian/)
- [Remix 3D](https://www.remix3d.com/discover?section=34b78f58881242e4ab611e4ab5ffaa78?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Autodesk Maya](https://www.autodesk.com/products/maya/overview)

### Asset Libraries

- [Poly](https://poly.google.com/)
- [Sketchfab](https://sketchfab.com/)
- [Unity 3D Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/3d)
- [TurboSquid](https://www.turbosquid.com/)
- [3D Trader](https://www.cgtrader.com/3d-models)

### Inspirations

- [Google WebVR Experiments](https://experiments.withgoogle.com/collection/webvr)
- [Google AR Experiments](https://experiments.withgoogle.com/collection/ar)
- [Babylon.js Demos](https://www.babylonjs.com/community/?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [ThreeJS Examples](https://threejs.org/)
- [3D Artist Online](https://www.3dartistonline.com/)

## Attend

### Conferences

- [Augmented World Expo](https://www.awexr.com/) - USA, Europe
- [AR/VR Global Summit](https://www.vrarglobalsummit.com/)
- [VRX Conference and Expo](https://events.vr-intelligence.com/vrx/)

### Meetups

#### San Francisco

- [HoloLens and Mixed Reality Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/hololens-mr/members/?sort=join_date&desc=true)
- [SF Augmented Reality Meetups](https://www.meetup.com/topics/augmented-reality/us/ca/san_francisco/)
- [SF Mixed Reality Meetups](https://www.meetup.com/topics/augmented-mixed-reality/us/ca/san_francisco/)

## Read 

### Blogs

- [Custom elements for the immersive web](https://blog.mozvr.com/custom-elements-for-the-immersive-web/)
| <img src="https://blog.mozvr.com/content/images/2019/08/img360-1.png"> |
- [Mozilla Blog - Progressive WebXR Store](https://blog.mozvr.com/progressive-webxr-ar-store/)
- [Human factor in virtual reality data visualization](https://medium.com/inborn-experience/vr-dataviz-41ef0dc879c)
- [Getting Hands-On with Responsive AR](https://www.torch.app/blog/getting-hands-on-with-responsive-ar)

### Books

- [Learning Virtual Reality - Tony Parisi](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/learning-virtual-reality/9781491922828/)
- [Programming 3D Applications with HTML5 and WebGL: 3D Animation and Visualization for Web Pages Tony Parisi](https://books.google.com/books/about/Programming_3D_Applications_with_HTML5_a.html?id=UvrYAgAAQBAJ)
- [Envisioning Holograms: Design Breakthrough Experiences for Mixed Reality](https://smile.amazon.com/dp/1484227484/ref=cm_sw_em_r_mt_dp_U_vDDvDbGAW9BPZ)

## Join

### Online Communities

- [Open AR Cloud](https://www.openarcloud.org/)
- [HoloLens Developer Slack Channel](https://holodevelopers.slack.com)
- [WebVR Slack Channel](https://webvr-slack.herokuapp.com/)
- [ARKit Apple Developer Forum](https://forums.developer.apple.com/community/graphics-and-games/arkit)
- [Augmented Reality Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/augmentedreality/)
- [Windows Mixed Reality Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/WindowsMR/)


## FAQ

- [What is Mixed Reality/ Augmented Reality/ Virtual Reality]()
- [What do I need to learn to start developing for Mixed Reality]()
- [What are some good use cases for Mixed Reality?]()
- [Where can I find case studies for Mixed Reality applications?]()
- [What are security concerns and challenges with Mixed Reality application?]()
- [How do you consider accessibility, diversity, and inclusiveness into your design?]()

Commit message:

dev(webXR): add browser support link

README.md, after:

# MixedRealityResources

Collection of Mixed Reality related resources, inspirations. Please file an issue if you are looking for a resources that is not listed or if you have suggestions or additions. Hope it is helps you to learn and create.

- [Design](#design)
  - [Guidelines](#guidelines)
  - [Blogs](#blogs)
  - [Talks](#talks)
  - [Tools](#tools)
- [Develop](#develop)
  - [Developer Tools](#developer-tools)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Repositories](#repositories)
  - [WebXR](#webxr)
    - [WebXR Libraries](#webxr-libraries)
    - [WebXR Repositories](#webxr-repositories)
    - [WebXR Documentation](#webxr-documentation)
  - [Tutorials](#tutorials)
  - [Talks](#talks)
  - [Media/Newsletter](#media/newsletter)
- [Create](#create)
  - [Asset Creation Tools](#asset-creation-tools)
  - [Asset Creation Libraries](#asset-creation-libraries)
  - [Inspirations](#inspirations)
- [Attend](#attend)
  - [Conferences](#confereces)
  - [Meetups](#meetups)
    - [San Francisco](#san-francisco)
- [Read](#read)
  - [Blogs](#blogs-1)
  - [Books](#books)
- [Join](#join)
- [FAQ](#faq)

## Design

### Guidelines

- [Microsoft Mixed Reality Design](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/design?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
  ![Design for mixed reality](images/bicycle-leschi10.gif)
- [Mixed Reality Interaction Fundamentals](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/interaction-fundamentals?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)

- [Google AR Design Guidelines](https://designguidelines.withgoogle.com/ar-design/augmented-reality-design-guidelines/introduction.html)
- [Unity VR Best Practices](https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/vr-best-practice#)

### Blogs

- [Mozilla Blog - Progressive WebXR Store](https://blog.mozvr.com/progressive-webxr-ar-store/) 
| <img src="https://blog.mozvr.com/content/images/2018/03/mozilla-store-xr-2.gif"> |
- [Human factor in virtual reality data visualization](https://medium.com/inborn-experience/vr-dataviz-41ef0dc879c)
- [Getting Hands-On with Responsive AR](https://www.torch.app/blog/getting-hands-on-with-responsive-ar)

### Talks

- [Instructional Design on the Immersive Web](https://youtu.be/ZX_8fiW1_Y4?t=220)

### Tools

- [Unity3D](https://unity.com/)
- [Unreal Engine](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/what-is-unreal-engine-4)
- [Maquette](https://www.maquette.ms/?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Play Canvas](https://playcanvas.com/)
- [Amazon Sumerian](https://aws.amazon.com/sumerian/)
- [Remix 3D](https://www.remix3d.com/discover?section=34b78f58881242e4ab611e4ab5ffaa78?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Autodesk Maya](https://www.autodesk.com/products/maya/overview)
- [Apple Reality Composer](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/realitykit/creating_a_game_with_reality_composer)

## Develop

### Developer Tools

- [Unity3D](https://unity.com/)
- [Unreal Engine](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/what-is-unreal-engine-4)
- [Apple RealityKit](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/realitykit)
- [WebVR API Emulation - Chrome Extention](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/webvr-api-emulation/gbdnpaebafagioggnhkacnaaahpiefil?hl=en)
- [VR Viewer Chrome Extention](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/vr-viewer/fagmjpknkfadjnehfkgkkbjnjpnnpcic?hl=en)

### Documentation

- [Microsoft Mixed Reality](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/development?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Mozilla Mixed Reality](https://mixedreality.mozilla.org/)
- [Google Developers WebXR](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/vr/status/#xrdevice)
- [ARCore - Android](https://developers.google.com/ar/)
- [ARKit - IOS](https://developer.apple.com/augmented-reality/)

### Repositories

- [MixedRealityToolkit-Unity](https://github.com/microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [MapsSDK-Unity](https://github.com/microsoft/MapsSDK-Unity?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)

| <img src="https://github.com/Microsoft/MapsSDK-Unity/wiki/Content/BoulderBalloon.gif"> | <img src="https://github.com/Microsoft/MapsSDK-Unity/wiki/Content/WeatherCube.gif"> | <img src="https://github.com/Microsoft/MapsSDK-Unity/wiki/Content/MtFujiZoom.gif"> |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

- [Google-AR](https://github.com/google-ar)
- [Mixed Reality Toolkit Demos](https://github.com/microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity/tree/mrtk_release/Assets/MixedRealityToolkit.Examples/Demos?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Enklu Player](https://github.com/enklu/enklu-samples)
- [Tutorials and Samples](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/tutorials?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Unity AR Foundation Examples](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/arfoundation-samples)

### WebXR

Check out the current browser support for WebXR at [CanIUse.com](https://caniuse.com/#search=webxr).

#### WebXR Libraries

- [BabylonJS](https://github.com/BabylonJS?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [ThreeJS](https://threejs.org/)
- [A-frame](https://aframe.io/): Make WebVR with HTML and Entity-Component. Works on Vive, Rift, Daydream, GearVR, desktop.
- [AR.js](https://github.com/jeromeetienne/AR.js): AR.js uses artoolkit, and so it is marker based. artoolkit is a software with years of experience doing augmented reality. It is able to do a lot!
  [![AR.js 1.0 Video](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/252962/23441016/ab6900ce-fe17-11e6-971b-24614fb8ac0e.png)](https://youtu.be/0MtvjFg7tik)
- [Inverse kinematics for three.js](https://github.com/jsantell/THREE.IK)
- [Three.ar.js](https://github.com/google-ar/three.ar.js)

#### WebXR Repositories

- [WebXR Polyfills](https://github.com/immersive-web/webxr-polyfill)
- [ThreeJS WebVR Examples](https://threejs.org/examples/?q=vr)
- [WebXR Samples](https://immersive-web.github.io/webxr-samples/)
- [GoogleWebComponents/model-viewer](https://github.com/GoogleWebComponents/model-viewer)

#### WebXR Documentation

- [Microsoft WebVR docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/using-webvr-in-edge-with-windows-mixed-reality?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Mozilla WebXR Blog](https://blog.mozvr.com/tag/webxr/)
- [Google WebXR Updates](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/tags/webxr)
- [Google WebXR Device API docs](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/vr/status/#xrdevice)
- [BabylonJS Docs Samples](https://doc.babylonjs.com/examples/?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [ThreeJS VR Content](https://threejs.org/docs/index.html#manual/en/introduction/How-to-create-VR-content)
- [WebVR Rocks](https://webvr.rocks/)
- [W3C WebXR Device API](https://www.w3.org/TR/webxr/)
- [A-Frame Docs](https://aframe.io/docs/0.9.0/introduction/)
- [Augmented Reality with Model-Viewer Web Component](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2019/05/model-viewer-ar)
- [PSA: State of WebXR](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R8Bz0_vK9YmY5-ZhsbLtZ9-DDJpTOgNeibFD4SdUnbw/edit#heading=h.yrc5sgqnnsk3)

### Tutorials

- [Microsoft Mixed Reality Tutorials](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/mixed-reality/tutorials?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Google Developer Codelabs](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/?cat=Augmented+Reality)
- [WebVR Starter Kit](https://hacks.mozilla.org/2019/02/webvr-starter-kit-mozilla-glitch/)
- [3D Projection Notes](https://jsantell.com/notes)

### Talks

- [Intro to Building Apps for HoloLens 2 Using Unity and Mixed Reality Toolkit](https://mybuild.techcommunity.microsoft.com/sessions/77094?source=sessions#top-anchor&WT.mc_id==mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Developing Mobile Augmented Reality (AR) Applications with Azure Spatial Anchors](https://mybuild.techcommunity.microsoft.com/sessions/77246?source=sessions&WT.mc_id==mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet#top-anchor)
- [Exploring Augmented Reality on the Web - JSConfEU 2018](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqmT0_w6_qc)

### Media/Newsletter

- [Immersive Web Weekly](https://immersivewebweekly.com/)
- [Voices of VR Podcast](https://voicesofvr.com/)
- [VRScout Podcast](https://vrscout.com/podcast/)
- [The AR Show Podcast](https://www.stitcher.com/podcast/the-ar-show/ar-show?refid=stpr)
- [Veer VR Blog](https://veer.tv/blog/)
- [Next Reality News](https://next.reality.news/)

## Create

### Asset Creation Tools

- [Magic Voxel](https://ephtracy.github.io/index.html?page=mv_main)
- [Voxel.js](http://voxeljs.com/#what)
- [Unity3D](https://unity.com/)
- [Unreal Engine](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/what-is-unreal-engine-4)
- [Maquette](https://www.maquette.ms/?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Play Canvas](https://playcanvas.com/)
- [Amazon Sumerian](https://aws.amazon.com/sumerian/)
- [Remix 3D](https://www.remix3d.com/discover?section=34b78f58881242e4ab611e4ab5ffaa78?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [Autodesk Maya](https://www.autodesk.com/products/maya/overview)

### Asset Libraries

- [Poly](https://poly.google.com/)
- [Sketchfab](https://sketchfab.com/)
- [Unity 3D Asset Store](https://assetstore.unity.com/3d)
- [TurboSquid](https://www.turbosquid.com/)
- [3D Trader](https://www.cgtrader.com/3d-models)

### Inspirations

- [Google WebVR Experiments](https://experiments.withgoogle.com/collection/webvr)
- [Google AR Experiments](https://experiments.withgoogle.com/collection/ar)
- [Babylon.js Demos](https://www.babylonjs.com/community/?WT.mc_id=mixedrealityresources-github-ayyonet)
- [ThreeJS Examples](https://threejs.org/)
- [3D Artist Online](https://www.3dartistonline.com/)

## Attend

### Conferences

- [Augmented World Expo](https://www.awexr.com/) - USA, Europe
- [AR/VR Global Summit](https://www.vrarglobalsummit.com/)
- [VRX Conference and Expo](https://events.vr-intelligence.com/vrx/)

### Meetups

#### San Francisco

- [HoloLens and Mixed Reality Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/hololens-mr/members/?sort=join_date&desc=true)
- [SF Augmented Reality Meetups](https://www.meetup.com/topics/augmented-reality/us/ca/san_francisco/)
- [SF Mixed Reality Meetups](https://www.meetup.com/topics/augmented-mixed-reality/us/ca/san_francisco/)

## Read 

### Blogs

- [Custom elements for the immersive web](https://blog.mozvr.com/custom-elements-for-the-immersive-web/)
| <img src="https://blog.mozvr.com/content/images/2019/08/img360-1.png"> |
- [Mozilla Blog - Progressive WebXR Store](https://blog.mozvr.com/progressive-webxr-ar-store/)
- [Human factor in virtual reality data visualization](https://medium.com/inborn-experience/vr-dataviz-41ef0dc879c)
- [Getting Hands-On with Responsive AR](https://www.torch.app/blog/getting-hands-on-with-responsive-ar)

### Books

- [Learning Virtual Reality - Tony Parisi](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/learning-virtual-reality/9781491922828/)
- [Programming 3D Applications with HTML5 and WebGL: 3D Animation and Visualization for Web Pages Tony Parisi](https://books.google.com/books/about/Programming_3D_Applications_with_HTML5_a.html?id=UvrYAgAAQBAJ)
- [Envisioning Holograms: Design Breakthrough Experiences for Mixed Reality](https://smile.amazon.com/dp/1484227484/ref=cm_sw_em_r_mt_dp_U_vDDvDbGAW9BPZ)

## Join

### Online Communities

- [Open AR Cloud](https://www.openarcloud.org/)
- [HoloLens Developer Slack Channel](https://holodevelopers.slack.com)
- [WebVR Slack Channel](https://webvr-slack.herokuapp.com/)
- [ARKit Apple Developer Forum](https://forums.developer.apple.com/community/graphics-and-games/arkit)
- [Augmented Reality Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/augmentedreality/)
- [Windows Mixed Reality Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/WindowsMR/)


## FAQ

- [What is Mixed Reality/ Augmented Reality/ Virtual Reality]()
- [What do I need to learn to start developing for Mixed Reality]()
- [What are some good use cases for Mixed Reality?]()
- [Where can I find case studies for Mixed Reality applications?]()
- [What are security concerns and challenges with Mixed Reality application?]()
- [How do you consider accessibility, diversity, and inclusiveness into your design?]()
